discovery: aws: expose Primary IPv6 addresses as label, partially fixes #7406 (#14156)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/configuration/configuration.md

* `__meta_ec2_ipv6_addresses`: comma separated list of IPv6 addresses assigned to the instance's network interfaces, if present
* `__meta_ec2_owner_id`: the ID of the AWS account that owns the EC2 instance
* `__meta_ec2_platform`: the Operating System platform, set to 'windows' on Windows servers, absent otherwise

> * `__meta_ec2_primary_ipv6_addresses`: comma separated and ordered by the DeviceIndex list of the Primary IPv6 addresses of the instance, if present

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `__meta_ec2_primary_ipv6_addresses`: comma separated list of the Primary IPv6 addresses of the instance, if present. The list is ordered based on the position of each corresponding network interface in the attachment order.
```

wdyt? `DeviceIndex` is a little low level.

Author: Good idea, thanks.
